TOTAL ERRORES: 2

****************************************************************************************************************************
Rastreo de pila proveniente de getStackTrace:
Clase							Archivo			Linea	Metodo
org.eclipse.swt.SWT                                     SWT.java                3547    error
org.eclipse.swt.SWT                                     SWT.java                3481    error
org.eclipse.swt.SWT                                     SWT.java                3452    error
org.eclipse.swt.graphics.ImageLoader                    ImageLoader.java        125     load
org.eclipse.swt.graphics.ImageDataLoader                ImageDataLoader.java    22      load
org.eclipse.swt.graphics.ImageData                      ImageData.java          328     <init>
org.eclipse.swt.graphics.Image                          Image.java              545     <init>
Imagenes.CargarImagenes                                 CargarImagenes.java     10      getImagen
Grafico.Componentes                                     Componentes.java        359     getToolItems
Grafico.Componentes                                     Componentes.java        93      agregarBarraDeHerramientas
Grafico.Componentes                                     Componentes.java        84      agregarComponentes
Grafico.Ventana                                         Ventana.java            871     main


****************************************************************************************************************************
Rastreo de pila proveniente de getStackTrace:
Clase							Archivo			Linea	Metodo
org.eclipse.swt.SWT                                     SWT.java                3884    error
org.eclipse.swt.SWT                                     SWT.java                3799    error
org.eclipse.swt.graphics.ImageLoader                    ImageLoader.java        159     load
org.eclipse.swt.graphics.ImageDataLoader                ImageDataLoader.java    26      load
org.eclipse.swt.graphics.ImageData                      ImageData.java          377     <init>
org.eclipse.swt.graphics.Image                          Image.java              576     <init>
Grafico.Help.HelpWindow                                 HelpWindow.java         33      setToolBarBottons
Grafico.Help.HelpWindow                                 HelpWindow.java         103     initToolBar
Grafico.Help.HelpWindow                                 HelpWindow.java         179     initComponents
Grafico.Help.HelpWindow                                 HelpWindow.java         192     createWindow
Grafico.Help.HelpWindow                                 HelpWindow.java         27      <init>
Grafico.Ventana$1                                       Ventana.java            184     widgetSelected
org.eclipse.swt.widgets.TypedListener                   TypedListener.java      228     handleEvent
org.eclipse.swt.widgets.EventTable                      EventTable.java         84      sendEvent
org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Widget                          Widget.java             1003    sendEvent
org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Display                         Display.java            3880    runDeferredEvents
org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Display                         Display.java            3473    readAndDispatch
Grafico.Ventana                                         Ventana.java            913     main

